README.md, before:

# Webapp Webpack Plugin

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/webapp-webpack-plugin)
[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin?branch=master)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://david-dm.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin)

Leverages on [favicons] to automatically generate your progressive web app for you.

> Originally forked from [jantimon/favicons-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/favicons-webpack-plugin)
> <br/>[What's new?](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/releases)

## Installation

Install the plugin with npm:
```shell
$ npm install --save-dev webapp-webpack-plugin
```

## Basic Usage

Add the plugin to your webpack config as follows:

```javascript
const WebappWebpackPlugin = require('webapp-webpack-plugin')

...

plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin('my-logo.png') // svg works too!
]
```

The default configuration will automatically generate webapp manifest files along with
[44 different icon formats](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/tree/master/test/fixtures/expected/default/assets)
as appropriate for iOS devices, Android devices, Windows Phone and various desktop browsers out of your single `my-logo.png`.

> **Tip:** You might want to [fine tune](#advanced-usage) what vendors to support.

### HTML Injection

In combination with [html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin) it will also inject the necessary html for you:

> **Note**: `html-webpack-plugin` _must_ come before `webapp-webpack-plugin` in the plugins array.

```html
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="57x57" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-57x57.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="60x60" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-60x60.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-72x72.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="76x76" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-76x76.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="114x114" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-114x114.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="120x120" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-120x120.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-144x144.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="152x152" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-180x180.png">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style" content="black-translucent">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-title" content="webapp-webpack-plugin">
<link rel="manifest" href="assets/manifest.json">
<meta name="mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
<meta name="theme-color" content="#fff">
<meta name="application-name" content="webapp-webpack-plugin">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="228x228" href="assets/coast-228x228.png">
<link rel="yandex-tableau-widget" href="assets/yandex-browser-manifest.json">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 480px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-320x460.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 480px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-640x920.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-640x1096.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-750x1294.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1182x2208.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1242x2148.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-748x1024.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-768x1004.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1496x2048.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1536x2008.png">
<meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#fff">
<meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="mstile-144x144.png">
<meta name="msapplication-config" content="browserconfig.xml">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="assets/favicon-32x32.png">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="assets/favicon-16x16.png">
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="assets/favicon.ico">
```

> https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/blob/master/test/fixtures/expected/html

## Advanced Usage

```javascript
plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin({
    // Your source logo (required)
    logo: 'my-logo.png',
    // The prefix for all image files (might be a folder or a name)
    prefix: 'assets-[hash]/',
    // Inject html links/metadata (requires html-webpack-plugin)
    inject: true,

    // Favicons configuration options (see below)
    favicons: {
      ...
    }
  })
]
```

To fine tune what icons/metadata is generated, refer to
[favicons' documentation](https://github.com/haydenbleasel/favicons#usage).

The options specified under `favicons:` are handed over as is to [favicons],
except that if `appName`, `appDescription`, `version`, `developerName` or
`developerURL` are left `undefined`, they will be automatically inferred
respectively from `name`, `description`, `version`, `author.name` and
`author.url` as defined in the nearest `package.json` if available.
To disable automatically retrieving metadata from `package.json`, simply set
to `null` the properties you want to omit.

### Example:

```javascript
const WebappWebpackPlugin = require('webapp-webpack-plugin')

...

plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin({
    logo: 'my-logo.png', // svg works too!
    favicons: {
      appName: 'my-app',
      appDescription: 'My awesome App',
      developerName: 'Me',
      developerURL: null, // prevent retrieving from the nearest package.json
      background: '#ddd',
      theme_color: '#333',
      icons: {
        coast: false,
        yandex: false
      }
    }
  })
]
```

## Contribution

You're very welcome to contribute to this project by opening
[issues](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/issues) and/or
[pull requests](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/pulls).

Please keep in mind that every change and new feature should be covered by
tests.

## License

This project is licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/blob/master/LICENSE).

[favicons]: https://github.com/haydenbleasel/favicons

Commit message:

chore: add a note on path resolution to the README

README.md, after:

# Webapp Webpack Plugin

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/webapp-webpack-plugin)
[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin?branch=master)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin.svg)](https://david-dm.org/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin)

Leverages on [favicons] to automatically generate your progressive web app for you.

> Originally forked from [jantimon/favicons-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/favicons-webpack-plugin)
> <br/>[What's new?](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/releases)

## Installation

Install the plugin with npm:
```shell
$ npm install --save-dev webapp-webpack-plugin
```

## Basic Usage

Add the plugin to your webpack config as follows:

```javascript
const WebappWebpackPlugin = require('webapp-webpack-plugin')

...

plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin('/path/to/logo.png') // svg works too!
]
```

The default configuration will automatically generate webapp manifest files along with
[44 different icon formats](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/tree/master/test/fixtures/expected/default/assets)
as appropriate for iOS devices, Android devices, Windows Phone and various desktop browsers out of your single `logo.png`.

> **Tip:** You might want to [fine tune](#advanced-usage) what vendors to support.

### A Note on Path Resolution

Under the hood, Webpack resolves the path to logo according to the following
rules:

* If `/path/to/logo` is absolute, there is nothing to resolve and the path
specified is used as is.

* If `./path/to/logo` is relative, it's resolved with respect to Webpack's
[`context`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/entry-context/#context),
which defaults to `process.cwd()`.

* If `path/to/logo` is neither explicitly relative nor absolute,
Webpack attempts to resolve it according to
[`resolve.modules`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/resolve/#resolve-modules),
which defaults to `modules: ["node_modules"]`.

### HTML Injection

In combination with [html-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin) it will also inject the necessary html for you:

> **Note**: `html-webpack-plugin` _must_ come before `webapp-webpack-plugin` in the plugins array.

```html
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="57x57" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-57x57.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="60x60" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-60x60.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-72x72.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="76x76" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-76x76.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="114x114" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-114x114.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="120x120" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-120x120.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-144x144.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="152x152" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="assets/apple-touch-icon-180x180.png">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style" content="black-translucent">
<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-title" content="webapp-webpack-plugin">
<link rel="manifest" href="assets/manifest.json">
<meta name="mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
<meta name="theme-color" content="#fff">
<meta name="application-name" content="webapp-webpack-plugin">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="228x228" href="assets/coast-228x228.png">
<link rel="yandex-tableau-widget" href="assets/yandex-browser-manifest.json">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 480px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-320x460.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 480px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-640x920.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-640x1096.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-750x1294.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1182x2208.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1242x2148.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-748x1024.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 1)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-768x1004.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: landscape) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1496x2048.png">
<link rel="apple-touch-startup-image" media="(device-width: 768px) and (device-height: 1024px) and (orientation: portrait) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2)" href="assets/apple-touch-startup-image-1536x2008.png">
<meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#fff">
<meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="mstile-144x144.png">
<meta name="msapplication-config" content="browserconfig.xml">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="assets/favicon-32x32.png">
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="assets/favicon-16x16.png">
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="assets/favicon.ico">
```

> https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/blob/master/test/fixtures/expected/html

## Advanced Usage

```javascript
plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin({
    // Your source logo (required)
    logo: '/path/to/logo.png',
    // The prefix for all image files (might be a folder or a name)
    prefix: 'assets-[hash]/',
    // Inject html links/metadata (requires html-webpack-plugin)
    inject: true,

    // Favicons configuration options (see below)
    favicons: {
      ...
    }
  })
]
```

To fine tune what icons/metadata is generated, refer to
[favicons' documentation](https://github.com/haydenbleasel/favicons#usage).

The options specified under `favicons:` are handed over as is to [favicons],
except that if `appName`, `appDescription`, `version`, `developerName` or
`developerURL` are left `undefined`, they will be automatically inferred
respectively from `name`, `description`, `version`, `author.name` and
`author.url` as defined in the nearest `package.json` if available.
To disable automatically retrieving metadata from `package.json`, simply set
to `null` the properties you want to omit.

### Example:

```javascript
const WebappWebpackPlugin = require('webapp-webpack-plugin')

...

plugins: [
  new WebappWebpackPlugin({
    logo: '/path/to/logo.png', // svg works too!
    favicons: {
      appName: 'my-app',
      appDescription: 'My awesome App',
      developerName: 'Me',
      developerURL: null, // prevent retrieving from the nearest package.json
      background: '#ddd',
      theme_color: '#333',
      icons: {
        coast: false,
        yandex: false
      }
    }
  })
]
```

## Contribution

You're very welcome to contribute to this project by opening
[issues](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/issues) and/or
[pull requests](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/pulls).

Please keep in mind that every change and new feature should be covered by
tests.

## License

This project is licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/brunocodutra/webapp-webpack-plugin/blob/master/LICENSE).

[favicons]: https://github.com/haydenbleasel/favicons
